docs(release-notes): [SITE-5738] PHP 8.2.31, 8.3.31, 8.4.21, 8.5.6 security releases (#10066)
pantheon-systems/documentation: src/source/releasenotes/2026-05-07-php-83-patch-update.md

---
title: "PHP 8.3 updated to its latest patch release"
published_date: "2026-05-07"
categories: [infrastructure]
description: "PHP version 8.3.31 is now available on the platform. This update includes bug fixes and enhancements that improve performance and stability."
---

> PHP version [8.3.31](https://www.php.net/ChangeLog-8.php#8.3.31) is now available on the platform. This update includes bug fixes and enhancements that improve performance and stability.

Reviewer: @mehta-asim This is a security release, right?

Author: yes, should it mention what all it fixes?

> PHP version [8.3.31](https://www.php.net/ChangeLog-8.php#8.3.31) is now available on the platform. This update includes bug fixes and enhancements that improve performance and stability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PHP version [8.3.31](https://www.php.net/ChangeLog-8.php#8.3.31) is now available on the platform. These updates include important security fixes, bug fixes and enhancements that improve performance and stability. 
```

Author: I have updated the release note with updated versions and your changes
